Write down existing excluded categories from twofactorauth.org (#3632)
jdavis/twofactorauth: EXCLUSION.md

    We've also chosen to do this so that we don't have to go through potentially disturbing or illegal material.

*   #### Self-hosted services

    The category "self-hosted services/sites" includes all types of software that's designed to be hosted by the end user (such as [ownCloud](https://owncloud.org/), [NextCloud](https://nextcloud.com/), [Mastodon](https://joinmastodon.org/), [phpBB](https://www.phpbb.com/), [XenForo](https://xenforo.com/) etc).  
    It also includes [Wordpress.org](https://wordpress.org/) (the open source software) but not [Wordpress.com](https://wordpress.com/) (the company).

    There are several resons for why we've opted to not list such sites and services.

    -   TwoFactorAuth.org is targeted towards consumers and not website administrators. As of right now, very few general internet users choose to host their own websites and services. Therefore we think that the effort on our part to maintain such a list of self hosted alternatives would outweigh the minimal theoretical change in the internet landscape by listing such services.

>     -   If the core project doesn't support two factor authentication but instead through plugins it would mean that we would have to list all plugins that enable two factor authentication for the service. Something that is currently impossible with out website layout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -   If the core project doesn't support two factor authentication but instead through plugins it would mean that we would have to list all plugins that enable two factor authentication for the service. Something that is currently impossible with our website layout.
```
Typo

# TwoFactorAuth.org excluded categories and websites

Below is a list of categories and websites that we've opted out from listing on TwoFactorAuth.org. If you want to make a copy (fork) of our site to list any of these sites you're welcome to do so as long as you comply with our [license](https://github.com/2factorauth/twofactorauth/blob/master/LICENSE).

## Categories

*   #### Pornographic sites

>     As the volunteers of [2factorauth](https://github.com/2factorauth) need to go through all sites to validate that the site/service provides 2FA to it's users and verify that the pull request meets our style guidelines we've chosen not   to list pornographic sites.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    As the volunteers of [2factorauth](https://github.com/2factorauth) need to go through all sites to validate that the site/service provides 2FA to it's users and verify that the pull request meets our style guidelines we've chosen not to list pornographic sites.  
```

Removing additional spaces.

    We've also chosen to do this so that we don't have to go through potentially disturbing or illegal material.

> *   #### Religious and Political sites

Reviewer 2: Let's take out this section and discuss it further. IMO we're here to list whether or not a site as tfa, not to regulate hate speech vs free speech.

> To avoid having to make those decisions we've opted out from listing any Religious or Political sites.

Is this currently an issue? If not, let's make the decision when it becomes one.

# TwoFactorAuth.org excluded categories and websites

Below is a list of categories and websites that we've opted out from listing on TwoFactorAuth.org. If you want to make a copy (fork) of our site to list any of these sites you're welcome to do so as long as you comply with our [license](https://github.com/2factorauth/twofactorauth/blob/master/LICENSE).

## Categories

*   #### Pornographic sites

    As the volunteers of [2factorauth](https://github.com/2factorauth) need to go through all sites to validate that the site/service provides 2FA to it's users and verify that the pull request meets our style guidelines we've chosen not to list pornographic sites.  
    We've also chosen to do this so that we don't have to go through potentially disturbing or illegal material.

*   #### Self-hosted services

>     The category "self-hosted services/sites" includes all types of software that's designed to be hosted by the end user (such as [ownCloud](https://owncloud.org/), [NextCloud](https://nextcloud.com/), [Mastodon](https://joinmastodon.org/), [phpBB](https://www.phpbb.com/), [XenForo](https://xenforo.com/) etc).  

Reviewer 3: Fix casing of "Nextcloud":

```suggestion
    The category "self-hosted services/sites" includes all types of software that's designed to be hosted by the end user (such as [ownCloud](https://owncloud.org/), [Nextcloud](https://nextcloud.com/), [Mastodon](https://joinmastodon.org/), [phpBB](https://www.phpbb.com/), [XenForo](https://xenforo.com/) etc).  
```

>     It also includes [Wordpress.org](https://wordpress.org/) (the open source software) but not [Wordpress.com](https://wordpress.com/) (the company).

Reviewer 3: As discussed in https://github.com/2factorauth/twofactorauth/pull/3550 before, i still disagree with this rule.
Bugzilla is also self-hostable. GitLab too. And you already include them.

Mastodon e.g. has one very very big instance https://mastodon.social/ that has 2FA. (and no, it's no plugin)

Reviewer: ... and #3476 ...

Reviewer: 539f4c47ff7eee2424540e28cf5adf5c621b0b01

# TwoFactorAuth.org excluded categories and websites

Below is a list of categories and websites that we've opted out from listing on TwoFactorAuth.org. If you want to make a copy (fork) of our site to list any of these sites you're welcome to do so as long as you comply with our [license](https://github.com/2factorauth/twofactorauth/blob/master/LICENSE).

## Categories

*   #### Pornographic sites

>     As the volunteers of [2factorauth](https://github.com/2factorauth) need to go through all sites to validate that the site/service provides 2FA to it's users and verify that the pull request meets our style guidelines we've chosen not to list pornographic sites.  

Reviewer 4: "Pornographic sites" is ambiguous. Is reddit a ponographic site? It certainly has a lot of pornographic content.
```suggestion
    As the volunteers of [2factorauth](https://github.com/2factorauth) need to go through all sites to validate that the site/service provides 2FA to it's users and verify that the pull request meets our style guidelines we've chosen not to list sites that primarily host and serve pornographic content.  
```

Reviewer: Resolved with 3024fb2

# TwoFactorAuth.org excluded categories and websites

> Below is a list of categories and websites that we've opted out from listing on TwoFactorAuth.org.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Below is a list of categories and websites that we, [the collaborators](https://github.com/orgs/2factorauth/teams/collaborators/members), have opted to not list on TwoFactorAuth.org.
```

Reviewer 5: collaborators link is 404.
`list` word is listed listed twice.

> Apart from the reasons stated below, these exclusions are also intended to prevent TwoFactorAuth.org from being added to any professional or academic web filters, where automatic addition of sites supersedes human checks during which the goal of our project would be weighted higher than the link to a potentially questionable site.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
One of the primary concerns we seek to address with these exclusions is professional and academic web filters. We believe that the service that this site provides should be as accessible as possible, to help as many people as possible, in as many environments as possible. Dynamic web filters can block websites based solely on the existence of keywords which could lead to this service being filtered for mentioning or linking out to categories of websites that web admins have deemed unacceptable for their domain. While we believe that every site should make an effort to protect their users (which often includes enabling Two Factor Authentication), we also believe that accessibility to this list for all has more value than listing every possible site and service.
```

If you want to make a copy (fork) of our site to list any of these sites you're welcome to do so as long as you comply with our [license](LICENSE).

## Categories

*   #### Pornographic sites

>     As the volunteers of [2factorauth](https://github.com/2factorauth) need to go through all sites to validate that the site/service provides 2FA to it's users and verify that the pull request meets our style guidelines we've chosen not to list sites that primarily host and serve pornographic content.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
    As the volunteers of [2factorauth](https://github.com/2factorauth) need to review all submissions to validate that the site/service provides 2FA to its users in addition to verifying that the pull request meets our style guidelines, we've chosen to not list sites that primarily host and serve pornographic content. Given the volunteer driven nature of this project, there is no guarantee that there will always be a collaborator available to review a submission that also does not have an  objection to reviewing such material. Special consideration must also be given due to the potential for content in this category to quickly cross subjective personal boundaries that vary widely from person to person.
```

>     We've also chosen to do this so that we don't have to go through potentially disturbing or illegal material.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
```

    -   If the core project doesn't support two factor authentication but instead through plugins it would mean that we would have to list all plugins that enable two factor authentication for the service. Something that is currently impossible with our website layout.

    If you have any questions regarding whether or not a site qualifies for listing, simply open an issue and we'll take a look.

*   #### Potential controversial sites 

    Any site that could damage the reputation of TwoFactorAuth.org and/or lead to any controversy with either the maintainers or users, should not be listed.
    The group of active maintainers will decide on whether to include or exclude a site within a specific timeframe. Once an exclusion was decided upon, the site will be listed in the section below and - if a pull request exists - it will be closed.

>     This decision will also be in effect for pull requests that already existed before this exclusion documentation was published. 

Reviewer 4: I don't think a "retroactivity" clause is really necessary for this document, especially if it is only going to apply to a single subsection.
```suggestion
```
